#Enchantment names
enchantment.fireShield:    Feuerschild
enchantment.fireball: 		 Feuerball
enchantment.flameWeapon: 	 Flammenwaffe
enchantment.fireWall: 		 Feuerwand
enchantment.flameStep: 		 Flammenstufe
enchantment.iceBolt: 		 Eisblitz
enchantment.swiftSwim: 		 Schnellschwimmen
enchantment.conjureWater: 	 Zauberwasser
enchantment.iceShield: 		 Eisschild
enchantment.summonSnowGolem: Beschwöre Schnee Golem
enchantment.stoneSpikes: 	 Stein Spikes
enchantment.detectOre: 		 Erkenne Erz
enchantment.entangle: 		 Verwicklung
enchantment.earthShield: 	 Erdschild
enchantment.burrow: 		 graben
enchantment.gust: 			 Gust
enchantment.airShield: 		 Luftschild
enchantment.safeFall: 		 Sicherer Fall
enchantment.vortex: 		 Vortex
enchantment.lightning: 		 Blitz
enchantment.light: 			 Licht
enchantment.toughness: 		 Stärke
enchantment.arcaneShield: 	 geheimes Schild
enchantment.dispel: 		 Dispel
enchantment.magicMissile: 	 Magierakete

#Tab names
itemGroup.wandTab: Zauberstäbe

#Wand names
item.wandFireWood.name:    	Hölzerner Feuerstab
item.wandFireBone.name:    	Köchener Feuerstab
item.wandFireIron.name:    	Eisener Feuerstab
item.wandFireGold.name:    	Goldener Feuerstab
item.wandFireQuartz.name:  	Netherquartz Feuerstab
item.wandWaterWood.name:   	Hölzerner Wasserstab
item.wandWaterBone.name:   	Köchener Wasserstab
item.wandWaterIron.name:   	Eisener Wasserstab
item.wandWaterGold.name:   	Goldener Wasserstab
item.wandWaterQuartz.name: 	Netherquartz Wasserstab
item.wandEarthWood.name:   	Hölzerner Erdstab
item.wandEarthBone.name:   	Knöchener Erdstab
item.wandEarthIron.name:   	Eisener Erdstab
item.wandEarthGold.name:   	Goldener Erdstab
item.wandEarthQuartz.name: 	Netherquartz Erdstab
item.wandAirWood.name: 	    Hölzerner Luftstab
item.wandAirBone.name: 	   	Knöchener Luftstab
item.wandAirIron.name: 	   	Eisener Luftstab
item.wandAirGold.name: 	   	Goldener Luftstab
item.wandAirQuartz.name:   	Netherquartz Luftstab
item.wandArcaneWood.name:  	Hölzerner Geheimstab
item.wandArcaneBone.name:  	Knöchener Geheimstab
item.wandArcaneIron.name:  	Eisener Geheimstab
item.wandArcaneGold.name:  	Goldener Geheimstab
item.wandArcaneQuartz.name: Netherquartz Geheimstab
