#Enchantment names
enchantment.fireShield: 	 Fire Shield
enchantment.fireball: 		 Fireball
enchantment.flameWeapon: 	 Flame Weapon
enchantment.fireWall: 		 Fire Wall
enchantment.flameStep: 		 Flame Step
enchantment.iceBolt: 		 Ice Bolt
enchantment.swiftSwim: 		 Swift Swim
enchantment.conjureWater: 	 Conjure Water
enchantment.iceShield: 		 Ice Shield
enchantment.summonSnowGolem: Summon Snow Golem
enchantment.stoneSpikes: 	 Stone Spikes
enchantment.detectOre: 		 Detect Ore
enchantment.entangle: 		 Entangle
enchantment.earthShield: 	 Earth Shield
enchantment.burrow: 		 Burrow
enchantment.gust: 			 Gust
enchantment.airShield: 		 Air Shield
enchantment.safeFall: 		 Safe Fall
enchantment.vortex: 		 Vortex
enchantment.lightning: 		 Lightning
enchantment.light: 			 Light
enchantment.toughness: 		 Toughness
enchantment.arcaneShield: 	 Arcane Shield
enchantment.dispel: 		 Dispel
enchantment.magicMissile: 	 Magic Missile

#Tab names
itemGroup.wandTab: Wands

#Wand names
item.wandFireWood.name:    	Wood Fire Wand
item.wandFireBone.name:    	Bone Fire Wand
item.wandFireIron.name:    	Iron Fire Wand
item.wandFireGold.name:    	Gold Fire Wand
item.wandFireQuartz.name:  	Nether Quartz Fire Wand
item.wandWaterWood.name:   	Wood Water Wand
item.wandWaterBone.name:   	Bone Water Wand
item.wandWaterIron.name:   	Iron Water Wand
item.wandWaterGold.name:   	Gold Water Wand
item.wandWaterQuartz.name: 	Nether Quartz Water Wand
item.wandEarthWood.name:   	Wood Earth Wand
item.wandEarthBone.name:   	Bone Earth Wand
item.wandEarthIron.name:   	Iron Earth Wand
item.wandEarthGold.name:   	Gold Earth Wand
item.wandEarthQuartz.name: 	Nether Quartz Earth Wand
item.wandAirWood.name: 	    Wood Air Wand
item.wandAirBone.name: 	   	Bone Air Wand
item.wandAirIron.name: 	   	Iron Air Wand
item.wandAirGold.name: 	   	Gold Air Wand
item.wandAirQuartz.name:   	Nether Quartz Air Wand
item.wandArcaneWood.name:  	Wood Arcane Wand
item.wandArcaneBone.name:  	Bone Arcane Wand
item.wandArcaneIron.name:  	Iron Arcane Wand
item.wandArcaneGold.name:  	Gold Arcane Wand
item.wandArcaneQuartz.name: Nether Quartz Arcane Wand
