#Enchantment names
enchantment.fireShield:    Alev Kalkanı
enchantment.fireball: 		 Ateştopu
enchantment.flameWeapon: 	 Alev Silahı
enchantment.fireWall: 		 Ateş Duvarı
enchantment.flameStep: 		 Alev Adımı
enchantment.iceBolt: 		 Buz Şimşeği
enchantment.swiftSwim: 		 Çevik Yüzüş
enchantment.conjureWater: 	 Suyu Büyüle
enchantment.iceShield: 		 Buz Kalkanı
enchantment.summonSnowGolem: Kar Golem Çağır
enchantment.stoneSpikes: 	 Taş İğneler
enchantment.detectOre: 		 Cevher Algıla
enchantment.entangle: 		 Sallama
enchantment.earthShield: 	 Yer Kalkanı
enchantment.burrow: 		 Burrow
enchantment.gust: 			 Gust
enchantment.airShield: 		 Hava Kalkanı
enchantment.safeFall: 		 Güvenli Düşüş
enchantment.vortex: 		 Vorteks
enchantment.lightning: 		 Şimşek
enchantment.light: 			 Işık
enchantment.toughness: 		 Sertlik
enchantment.arcaneShield: 	 Ulu Kalkan
enchantment.dispel: 		 Kurtul
enchantment.magicMissile: 	 Sihirli Füze

#Tab names
itemGroup.wandTab: Asalar

#Wand names
item.wandFireWood.name:    	Tahta Ateş Asası
item.wandFireBone.name:    	Kemik Ateş Asası
item.wandFireIron.name:    	Demir Ateş Asası
item.wandFireGold.name:    	Altın Ateş Asası
item.wandFireQuartz.name:  	Nether Quartz Ateş Asası
item.wandWaterWood.name:   	Tahta Su Asası
item.wandWaterBone.name:   	Kemik Su Asası
item.wandWaterIron.name:   	Demir Su Asası
item.wandWaterGold.name:   	Altın Su Asası
item.wandWaterQuartz.name: 	Nether Quartz Water Wand
item.wandEarthWood.name:   	Tahta Yeryüzü Asası
item.wandEarthBone.name:   	Kemik Yeryüzü Asası
item.wandEarthIron.name:   	Demir Yeryüzü Asası
item.wandEarthGold.name:   	Altın Yeryüzü Asası
item.wandEarthQuartz.name: 	Nether Quartz Yeryüzü Asası
item.wandAirWood.name: 	    Tahta Hava Asası
item.wandAirBone.name: 	   	Kemik Hava Asası
item.wandAirIron.name: 	   	Demir Hava Asası
item.wandAirGold.name: 	   	Altın Hava Asası
item.wandAirQuartz.name:   	Nether Quartz Hava Asası
item.wandArcaneWood.name:  	Tahta Ulu Asa
item.wandArcaneBone.name:  	Kemik Ulu Asa
item.wandArcaneIron.name:  	Demir Ulu Asa
item.wandArcaneGold.name:  	Altın Ulu Asa
item.wandArcaneQuartz.name: Nether Quartz Ulu Asa
